progress.md, before:

Progress Sheet
============
04/03/2016
-------------

|<h2>Features</h2>|status|Completed by|
|----|-----|-----|
|**UI design and implementation**|
|Design and Implement the login component|  | |
|The login screen allows the user to log into the system|||
|The user profile page is designed|||
|The user profile page is implemented|||
|The backend persists user profile data|||
|The image collections page is designed|||
|The image collection page is implemented|||
|The backend stores the images and serves up links|||
|The application's states are persisted between browser sessions.|||
|**Usability and UX**|
|Able to Rotate screen|||
|Able to drag images onto canvas|||
|Able to |||
|Able to tag images|||
|Able to save work space|||
|Able to undo and redo actions|||
|Able to upload images|||
|Able to drag images around in canvas|||
|Able to long-press images to display context menu|||
|Able to tap on images to select them|||
|Able to view selected image's details when click on "edit " button |||
|Able to change current tag on the "tag tool" |||

Commit message:

moved index.html to build and added npm run lint option to check for javascript errors

progress.md, after:

Progress Sheet
============
04/03/2016
-------------

|<h2>Features</h2>|status|Completed by|
|----|-----|-----|
|**UI design and implementation**|
|Design and Implement the login component|  | |
|The login screen allows the user to log into the system|||
|The user profile page is designed|||
|The user profile page is implemented|||
|The backend persists user profile data|||
|The image collections page is designed|||
|The image collection page is implemented|||
|The backend stores the images and serves up links|||
|The application's states are persisted between browser sessions.|||
|**Usability and UX**|
|Able to Rotate screen|||
|Able to drag images onto canvas from image gallery|||
|Able to |||
|Able to tag images|||
|Able to save work space|||
|Able to undo and redo actions|||
|Able to upload images|||
|Able to drag images around in canvas|||
|Able to long-press images to display context menu|||
|Able to tap on images to select them|||
|Able to view selected image's details when click on "edit " button |||
|Able to change current tag on the "tag tool" |||
|**Developer Experience**|
|Set up ESLint to check for errors in JavaScript code (.JSX .JS)|DONE|**Zaiyang Li**|
|||
